# E-Store
CHAPTER 1 INTRODUCTION:- The broad definition of e-commerce transactions refers to the selling and buying of products and services over computer-mediated networks while the end process of payment and delivery is managed offline. Electronic Commerce (e-commerce) is defined as the conduct of commerce in goods and services, with the assistance of telecommunications and telecommunications-based tools such as the Internet. E-commerce is often used in a much broader sense, to mean essentially the same as “electronic business” (EB). E-commerce encompasses many areas, which include electronic catalogues that refer to means whereby sellers can communicate their offerings to potential buyers.

1.1 BACKGROUND: - E-Commerce is fast gaining ground as an accepted and used business paradigm. More and more business houses are implementing web sites providing functionality for performing commercial transaction over the web. It is reasonable to say that the process of shopping on the web is becoming commonplace. The eCommerce websites to track users in order to maximize their turnover. Simply put, the more insight a commercial website has into its customer’s actions and interest, the better it can present its product to the specific user, the more it will sell. The central concept of the application is to allow the customer to shop virtually using the Internet and allow customers to buy the items and products of their desire from the store. and allow customers to buy the items and articles of their desire from the store. An online store is a virtual store on the Internet where customers can browse the category and select products of interest. The selected items may be collected in a shopping cart. At checkout time, the items in the shopping cart will be presented as an order. At that time, more information will be needed to complete the transaction. Usually, the customer will be asked to fill or select a billing address, a shipping address, and payment information such as Card or Cash on Delivery. An email notification is sent to the customer as soon as the order is placed.

1.2 OB0JECTIVE: - The Online Shopping is the process whereby consumers directly buy goods and services without any intermediary service over the internet. The goal of this website is to develop a web-based interface for eCommerce website, the website would be easy to use and hence the shopping experience pleasant for the users. The main goal of this website is: • To develop an easy to use web-based interface where customers can search for products, view a complete description of the product and order the product. • Reach out to a larger audience - internet access is becoming so mainstream now that your product/service can reach almost everyone on the planet with an internet-enabled device. • Your virtual shop remains open and operational 24x7 even if you/your staff are not working- this might not be wholly true if your product is a service-which requires immediate human-intervention. •  

1.3 PURPOSE, SCOPE, APPLICABILITY: - 1.3.1 PURPOSE: - With advancements in technology and with the popularity of the internet, more and more people are turning to the web for a variety of purposes. The internet is no longer limited to searching information or connecting with people but is a platform where you can also buy and sell products. An ecommerce website is a website which allows your business to sell products and services to their online audience. These days, an increasing number of consumers prefer making most of their purchases online and in such a scenario, having an ecommerce website for your business is the need of the hour. 

1.3.3 APPLICABILITY: - E-Store Website is applicable in such areas where the people want following tasks to do: • Customers will be able to login/register into the website. • Customers will also be able to easily search for products by using different keywords like name, category wise etc and will be able to refine their results by using filters such as  product type etc. on the website. • If the user is comfortable with some product then he/ she can purchase the product •  Provide the basic pages (i.e., about us, Contact Us) for company information.# E-Store
